Docker Desktop 3.2.0 release notes (#12388)
docker/docker.github.io: docker-for-mac/release-notes.md

> Starting with Docker Desktop 3.0.0, Stable and Edge releases are combined into a single release stream for all users. Updates to Docker Desktop will now be available automatically as delta updates from the previous version. This means, when there is a newer version of Docker Desktop, it will be automatically downloaded to your machine. All you need to do is to click **Update and restart** from the Docker menu to install the latest update.
{: .important }

## Docker Desktop Community 3.2.0
2021-03-NN

> [Download](https://desktop.docker.com/mac/stable/amd64/Docker.dmg)

### New

- Add experimental support to use new virtualization framework (requires macOS 11.1 or later)
- Use iTerm2 to do `docker exec` if iTerm2 is installed, if not then use the default Terminal.App [docker/for-mac#4273]((https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4273)

> ### Upgrades

Reviewer: I’m pretty sure there is Go 1.16 as well, right?

Author: Yes, I wasn't sure if it's interesting for the users. OK, we did it in the past, so I will add it.

- [Docker Engine 20.10.4](https://docs.docker.com/engine/release-notes/#20104)
- [Docker Compose 1.28.4](https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/tag/1.28.4)
- [Compose CLI v1.0.8](https://github.com/docker/compose-cli/tree/v1.0.8)
- [Docker Hub Tool v0.3.0](https://github.com/docker/hub-tool/releases/tag/v0.3.0)
- [QEMU 5.0.1](https://wiki.qemu.org/ChangeLog/5.0)
- [Amazon ECR Credential Helper v0.5.0](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-ecr-credential-helper/releases/tag/v0.5.0)
- [Alpine 3.13](https://alpinelinux.org/posts/Alpine-3.13.0-released.html)
- [Kubernetes 1.19.7](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/releases/tag/v1.19.7)

### Bug fixes and minor changes

- Fixed an issue when port forwarding multiple ports with an IPv6 container network. Fixes [docker/for-mac#5247](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5247)

> - Fixed a regression where `docker load` could not use an xz archive anymore. Fixes [docker/for-mac#5271](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5271) [docker/for-win#10364](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/10364)

Reviewer: Maybe we want the `for-mac` link here and the `for-win` one in the Windows section?

Author: OK, I'll clean that a bit. But I keep the issues that were reported only on for-mac or for-win, but are actually fixed for both platforms, right?

Reviewer: Sure, unless they’re really specific to one platform.

- Fixed navigation issue between apps/containers screens [docker/for-win#10160](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/10160#issuecomment-764660660)

> - Fixed container instance view with long container/image name [docker/for-mac#5290](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5290), [docker/for-win#10160](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/10160)

Reviewer: Same here, keep `for-mac` link here and the `for-win` one for the Windows section?

> - Fixed an issue when binding ports on specific IPs. Fixes [docker/for-mac#4541](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4541), [docker/for-win#10008](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/10008)

Reviewer: Ditto

> Notice: It may now take a bit of time before an inspect shows the open ports.

Reviewer: Should this be before `Fixes`? Otherwise we may need to indent it?

Author: OK, I'll change that.

> Starting with Docker Desktop 3.0.0, Stable and Edge releases are combined into a single release stream for all users. Updates to Docker Desktop will now be available automatically as delta updates from the previous version. This means, when there is a newer version of Docker Desktop, it will be automatically downloaded to your machine. All you need to do is to click **Update and restart** from the Docker menu to install the latest update.
{: .important }

## Docker Desktop Community 3.2.0
2021-03-NN

> [Download](https://desktop.docker.com/mac/stable/amd64/Docker.dmg)

### New

> - The dashboard shows a tip of the week.

Reviewer 2: How about "The Docker Dashboard displays a tip of the week when you start Docker Desktop."?

Not sure if we should add more info here. @stephen-turner  @dieucao?

Reviewer 2: Or, may be we can combine the two items?

"The Docker Dashboard opens automatically and displays a tip of the week when you start Docker Desktop."

Reviewer 3: To me that makes it sound like it shows this week's tip every time you open it, rather than that it displays a tip once a week. So I would go with two bullets:

* The Docker Dashboard opens automatically when you start Docker Desktop.
* The Docker Dashboard displays a tip once a week.

Author: Alright, I'll update it

> - The dashboard automatically opens when starting Docker Desktop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The Docker Dashboard opens automatically when you start Docker Desktop.
```

> - Add experimental support to use new virtualization framework (requires macOS 11.1 or later)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add experimental support to use the new Apple virtualization framework (requires macOS 11.1 or later).
```

> - Use iTerm2 to do `docker exec` if iTerm2 is installed, if not then use the default Terminal.App [docker/for-mac#4273]((https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4273)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use iTerm2 to do `docker exec` if iTerm2 is installed, if not then use the default Terminal.App [docker/for-mac#4273](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4273)
```

Author: Oh, I forgot to fix the second .md file as well, thanks!

> - Use iTerm2 to do `docker exec` if iTerm2 is installed, if not then use the default Terminal.App [docker/for-mac#4273](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4273)

Reviewer 3: docker/roadmap#98 would be a better link.

Reviewer 3: Also the wording needs changing to be more user-task-focused:

Use iTerm2 to launch the container's terminal it it is installed, otherwise use ...

> - Use iTerm2 to do `docker exec` if iTerm2 is installed, if not then use the default Terminal.App [docker/for-mac#4273](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4273)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Docker Desktop uses iTerm2 to launch the container's terminal if it is installed. Otherwise, it launches the default Terminal.App. [docker/for-mac#4273](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4273)
```

Author: Thanks, I'll update the PR.

### Upgrades

- [Docker Engine 20.10.4](https://docs.docker.com/engine/release-notes/#20104)
- [Docker Compose 1.28.4](https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/tag/1.28.4)
- [Compose CLI v1.0.8](https://github.com/docker/compose-cli/tree/v1.0.8)
- [Docker Hub Tool v0.3.0](https://github.com/docker/hub-tool/releases/tag/v0.3.0)

> - [QEMU 5.0.1](https://wiki.qemu.org/ChangeLog/5.0)

Reviewer 3: This was a downgrade not an upgrade, wasn't it? Or did we never ship 5.2?

Author: Yes, we shipped 5.2 only in the M1 preview, but not in the official releases yet.

- [Amazon ECR Credential Helper v0.5.0](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-ecr-credential-helper/releases/tag/v0.5.0)
- [Alpine 3.13](https://alpinelinux.org/posts/Alpine-3.13.0-released.html)
- [Kubernetes 1.19.7](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/releases/tag/v1.19.7)

> - [Go 1.16](hhttps://golang.org/doc/go1.16)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Go 1.16](https://golang.org/doc/go1.16)
```

Author: Thanks! Fixing this.

### Bug fixes and minor changes

> - Fixed an issue when port forwarding multiple ports with an IPv6 container network. Fixes [docker/for-mac#5247](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5247)

Reviewer 3: I thought that you'd concluded this wasn't only IPv6 but could happen even in IPv4?

Author: The response we get from the API contains port forwardings for both IPv6 and IPv4 when using an IPv6 container network. It didn't happen on normal (IPv4) networks.

- Fixed a regression where `docker load` could not use an xz archive anymore. Fixes [docker/for-mac#5271](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5271)

> - Fixed navigation issue between apps/containers screens [docker/for-win#10160](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/10160#issuecomment-764660660)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed a navigation issue in the **Containers / Apps** view. [docker/for-win#10160](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/10160#issuecomment-764660660)
```

Author: Thanks, will update this.

- Fixed container instance view with long container/image name [docker/for-mac#5290](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5290)

> - Fixed an issue when binding ports on specific IPs. Notice: It may now take a bit of time before an inspect shows the open ports. Fixes [docker/for-mac#4541](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4541)

Reviewer 3: "Note" instead of "Notice". Also "before the `docker inspect` command shows".

Author: Thanks.

> - Fixed an issue when binding ports on specific IPs. Notice: It may now take a bit of time before an inspect shows the open ports. Fixes [docker/for-mac#4541](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4541)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue when binding ports on specific IPs. Note that it can now take longer to display the open ports when you inspect a container. Fixes [docker/for-mac#4541](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/4541)
```

> - Fixed scrolling on container detail screen [docker/for-win#10160](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/10160)

Reviewer 3: We can be more specific:

Fixed an issue on the container detail screen where the buttons would disappear when scrolling the logs.

Also let's move it higher up as this was the bug we got the most complaints about.

Reviewer 3: There is a Mac ticket for this too, https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5290

Author: Thanks, I'll update that.

> - Fixed a bug where an image deleted from the dashboard would remain displayed

Reviewer 3: Is there a ticket for this, or did we only notice it internally?

Author: There's only https://docker.atlassian.net/browse/DESKTOP-3531, Trung found it, there's no link to a GH issue.
